vacuum doc (#957)
algorand/indexer: docs/Vacuum.md

> ## PostgresDB Vacuum
> 
> See [official documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/routine-vacuuming.html#VACUUM-BASICS) for more details
> 
> Each update or delete query creates dead tuples. And running vacuum recovers disk space occupied by these tuples.
> However, it creates a substantial amount of I/O traffic, which can cause poor performance for other active sessions. 
> 
> There are two types of vacuum: **autovacuum** or **vacuum** full.
> In the default configuration, autovacuuming is enabled and the related configuration parameters are appropriately set.
> 
> 
> ### Autovacuum (Standard vacuum)
> 
> - can run in parallel with production database operations
> - does not recover as much space full vacuum
> 
> ### Vacuum full
> - cannot be done in parallel with other use of the table;
> - runs much more slowly
> 
> *Since vacuum full is much more costly,  the usual goal of routine vacuuming is to standar vacuum often enough to avoid full vacuum.*
> 
> ### Vacuum configuration
> 
> Vacuum can be [configured](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config-autovacuum.html) to be more or less aggressive
> 
> The vacuum threshold is defined as:
> 
> vacuum threshold = vacuum base threshold + vacuum scale factor * number of tuples
> 
> Insert threshold is defined as:
> 
> vacuum insert threshold = vacuum base insert threshold + vacuum insert scale factor * number of tuples

Reviewer: Changed the number of pound symbols
PostgresDB -> PostgreSQL
Fixed a typo
Added one more bullet to vacuum full
```suggestion
# PostgrSQL Vacuum

See [official documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/routine-vacuuming.html#VACUUM-BASICS) for more details

Each update or delete query creates dead tuples. And running vacuum recovers disk space occupied by these tuples.
However, it creates a substantial amount of I/O traffic, which can cause poor performance for other active sessions. 

There are two types of vacuum: **autovacuum** or **vacuum** full.
In the default configuration, autovacuuming is enabled and the related configuration parameters are appropriately set.

## Autovacuum (Standard vacuum)

- can run in parallel with production database operations
- does not recover as much space full vacuum

## Vacuum full
- cannot be done in parallel with other use of the table
- runs much more slowly
- is sometimes able to recover space that autovacuum cannot

*Since vacuum full is much more costly,  the usual goal of routine vacuuming is to standard vacuum often enough to avoid full vacuum.*

## Vacuum configuration

Vacuum can be [configured](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config-autovacuum.html) to be more or less aggressive

The vacuum threshold is defined as:

vacuum threshold = vacuum base threshold + vacuum scale factor * number of tuples

Insert threshold is defined as:

vacuum insert threshold = vacuum base insert threshold + vacuum insert scale factor * number of tuples
```
